
                                    ZAGOPOLY
//A Gonzaga themed spin off of the popular board game by Hasbro “Monopoly”

OBJECT… The object of the game is to be the first player to earn 5000 dollars through buying, renting and selling
property. You may also win if you are the only player remaining.

THE PLAY
Each player starts on the space marked “Go”. At the beginning of each players turn, the player rolls the two dice
and then advances the number of spaces indicated by the dice. After you have completed your play,
the turn passes to the next player. The tokens remain on the spaces occupied and proceed from that point on the player’
next turn. Two or more tokens may rest on the same space at the same time. According to the space your token reaches,
you may be entitled to buy real estate or other properties — or obliged to pay rent, pay taxes,
draw a Chance or Community Chest card, “Go to Jail” etc.
If you throw doubles, you move your token as usual, the sum of the two dice, and are subject to any privileges or
penalties pertaining to the space on which you land. Retaining the dice, throw again and move your token as before.
Each time a player’s token lands on or passes over the GO space, whether by throwing the dice or drawing a card,
the player earns 200 dollars

MONEY
Each person begins with 1500 Dollars and can use that money to pay rent, buy properties, buy houses etc.
If a player runs out of money they are eliminated from the game

BUYING PROPERTY
Whenever you land on an unowned property you may buy that property from at its printed price. You receive the Title Deed
card showing ownership; place it face up in front of you.When you land on property owned by another player, the owner
collects rent from you in accordance with the listed price printed on its Title Deed card.
Once a player owns a property they may purchase houses on the space that increase the rent another player must pay if
they land on that space. Once a player builds four houses on a space they can build a hotel which greatly increases the
rent of that property
All the information about pricing and rent costs of each property is listed on the property itself
If a player is eliminated all their properties, hotels, and houses are relinquished and must be purchased again
Players can trade properties with each other in exchange for other properties or money


“CHANCE” AND “COMMUNITY CHEST”…
When you land on either of these spaces, take the top card from the deck indicated,
follow the instructions and return the card face down to the bottom of the deck.

“CAMPO”…
You get picked up by campo when your token lands on the campus security space and must remain there until
the player pays 50 dollars, uses a get out of jail free card, or rolls doubles. If the player attempts to roll doubles
and fails they may not pay the 50 dollars to ecape
